Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Train 2781 arriving on Platform A.
You gotta tell me this.
Oh. there it is. Okay. Hold on. sweetie.
Okay. come on. honey.
This is a Red Line train
to Judiciary Square.
When boarding.
move to the center of the car.
Ma'am. uh. you can take my seat.
No. it's all right.
No. doctor says I gotta do
one good deed a day. for my health.
Come on. please?
- Let me take that for you.
- Thanks.
Someone raised you right.
Next stop. Gallery Place.
Stand clear. doors closing.
Oh. man.
Uh. when's the next one?
Can't be too long.
Is that a...?
Yeah.
- Do you know how to...?
- No.
Hey. FBI.
I need everybody to exit the train
into the tunnels
quietly and calmly. right now.
There's a bomb!
Calmly!
Mommy!
Hey. Hey. you okay?
I got you. Come on. Let's go.
Come on. go.
Let's go.
Penny?
Penny.
I'm here.
I got you.
Concussion probably.
We'll have an EMT check you out.
How many are dead?
Just one. Could have been a lot worse.
Stay here.
Hey. that's... that's him.
Hey.
That's the guy.
Shit.
Drinks are in the green room.
If you need any food. let me know.
I think I'm too nervous to eat anything.
but thank you.
First time doing a TED Talk?
A year ago. I couldn't get tickets
to one of these.
Now you're the big shot
people are here to see.
Good for you.
I'm not so much a big shot yet.
- Let me get you mic'd up.
- Okay.
"In cybersecurity. it's hard to tell
the good guys from the villains."
"Early in my career.
I was tempted to break into systems
that were off-limits."
"But then I realized
the more fulfilling challenge
was to work to stop the people
who violated our privacy
and stole from our personal data."
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Teleprompter's loaded.
I'll give you a warning before we start.
Okay.
- Thank you. You're so sweet.
- Good luck.
Hey.
Look what's here.
Is that the seed-funding documents?
They're ready for your signature.
- Can you believe it?
- I sure can.
- You've worked your ass off.
- Oh. we all have.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- You asked to see me. ma'am?
- I did. Come in.
I'd like to show you something.
When are you gonna confess
your involvement
in last year's D.C. Metro bombing. huh?
Good to see your mom
let you out the basement. Elliot.
We actually have proof
that you were involved in the bombing.
Okay. so Elliot Rome ambushed...
Wait.
Here comes the big finish.
- My father loved this country.
- He sold it out.
- You think he killed himself in order to...
- He died in a car accident.
He was never charged.
Keep his name out of your goddamn mouth.
- Killed himself in an accident.
- Fuck off.
You think. uh.
Deputy Director Hawkins saw this?
He's the one who sent it to me.
Great.
I always find a way to piss him off.
Look. I...
I was keeping my cool.
- Until Elliot Rome mentioned your father?
- Yeah.
The Rome Tome is a bunch of
conspiracy-theory trolls spreading lies.
It's not enough that I believe in you?
That the president knows
you were a hero that night.
not some deep-state accomplice?
It'll all be fine
if you can just learn two words.
No comment.
Go ahead. Try it out.
Let me hear you say it.
No comment.
Two simple words and Elliot Rome
goes looking somewhere else
for his next viral video.
- I got it. ma'am.
- What was our deal?
You pay your dues in Night Action.
you put your time in
in that hellhole of a room.
manning a phone that never rings.
and better things will come your way.
But you need more than just me to sign off
on a promotion. You need Hawkins too.
How do you think this video convinces him
that you're ready for the next step?
- Probably doesn't.
- Okay.
I'm headed to Maryland
for a think-tank thing
with the Scotch and Viagra crowd.
Say a prayer for me.
Oh. that file's for you.
Mark it up for me and leave it on my desk?
Yes. ma'am.
Also.
listen. I really appreciate
everything you've done for me.
No comment.
Peter.
Just the man
the president was inquiring after.
She'd like for you
to come in early tomorrow.
Same assignment?
Yep. the president's
pickup basketball game.
She also asked why you're throwing
your life away at the FBI
instead of working for me
in the Secret Service.
I'm not dumb enough
to take a bullet for someone
just 'cause they got more votes.
Sutherland.
See you tomorrow. G-man.
Still waiting on that crime-trend report.
Diane Farr pulled me off it
to analyze intel
on the new domestic terrorism paper.
That report is need-to-know.
I guess she thought I needed to know.
And what position in the FBI
does Diane Farr occupy exactly?
None. sir.
That's right.
She's the president's chief of staff.
So explain to me how an FBI agent
gets sucked into the White House
to take orders from her.
It's how she explained the job
when she offered it to me.
You report to us both.
You seem to have forgotten
that half of the equation.
I've been here for five administrations.
You might wanna consider the wisdom
of hitching your wagon
to someone in the political class.
Yes. sir.
I want my report
by the end of the week.
Yeah.
Aunt Emma.
Hi!
- How was Rome?
- Oh. crowded.
I did throw a penny
in that fountain for you.
Uncle Henry. How was the conference?
Well. no free booze.
It was an outrage.
These things were much better
before PowerPoint.
Oh. here. I can take that.
I cleaned the house for you.
You didn't need to do that.
Uh. I don't wanna be that guest.
You're not a guest.
You're family.
We've consulted lawyers and apparently.
we're legally obligated to endure you.
How much longer
are you willing to endure me?
What's wrong? Your startup?
How bad is it?
The board officially fired me.
Oh. sweetheart.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
We'll talk about it over dinner?
Yeah. I made a lasagna.
Might as well shoot my cardiologist.
I need to personally file for bankruptcy.
After the data breach. the ransomware.
all my clients bailed.
and the funders turned on me.
No. Rose. that's terrible.
There's no chance of saving the company?
Sure. just not with me running it.
I had everything I owned invested in it.
Well. you can stay here
as long as you need.
I don't have any money.
Honey. that's what "bankrupt" means.
- Bankruptcy.
- That should be everything.
- So we're good?
It's hard to say.
- We can't run?
- Not with Rose sleeping upstairs.
So then we fight.
- How many they'll send?
- Maybe two.
Don't you think
they're surprising us?
Maybe we surprise them.
Wouldn't be the first time
we managed to turn the tables.
We just need to get through this.
then we finish up the job.
Right now. we need to burn the documents.
and then what?
- Any luck?
- The call won't go through.
Landline's out. cell signal too.
Have to figure out how to warn Osprey
if they're coming for us.
- They'll come after Osprey.
- Seven days until they try again.
What about the engineer?
- The files?
- What about them?
- How we warn people?
- That the country's in trouble?
That no one in the White House
can be trusted yet.
I don't know. but we burn
what's here. so they can't get it.
- Then what?
- The woods.
How do we warn Osprey?
I don't know.
Am I destroying what's here or not?
Yes. yes.
Rose. Oh. sweetheart.
What's happening?
Why do you have a gun?
Why aren't the phones working?
The electricity? What are you burning?
Rose. Rose. listen.
Can you listen to me. all right?
This is not fair.
and I can't tell you
the whole story right now.
but someone is outside.
All right? And you have to pay...
you have to pay attention to me.
We need to make sure
that you... you stay safe.
Who's outside?
We need to finish some things here first.
Take this.
Go to the Feiner's house down the hill.
Use their phone.
Call this number. Say these words.
What does this even mean?
- And it's important not to panic.
- Go out the back.
No. upstairs.
They might be watching that door.
Call this number. say "Night Action."
and then tell them
those exact words in that exact order.
- Tell them we need help.
- I don't understand.
You don't have to understand.
You just have to go.
Go.
- And you?
- We'll be fine.
- Go.
- Now.
- Okay.
- Go. go!
She is a survivor.
Okay.
Uh. yes. go ahead.
Um. Night Action.
Uh. they... they...
they told me to tell you that.
Code. please.
Uh. um...
Pen. Clock. Door. Fire.
Uh. hello? Are you still there?
Is this. uh. Sidewinder or Gazelle?
What? I... I don't understand.
What street did your best friend
Elaine live on?
I... I didn't have a friend
named Elaine. okay? I...
Who are you? Who did I call?
Look. I need to keep this line open.
You've reached a wrong number.
No. no. no. please. please.
My Aunt Emma. Emma Campbell.
her and my Uncle Henry are in danger.
They told me to call you.
Hello?
Yeah. I'm listening.
They're in danger. There's intruders.
and I... and I think they're after me too.
How many intruders are there?
Um. I... I think two.
I... I saw him.
I saw one of them. I saw his face.
Okay. where are they? I need an address.
Uh. 54 Wildwind Lane. in Stone Ridge.
Are you with your aunt and uncle?
Uh. no.
Um. they're... they're at the house.
I'm in the house down the hill.
the... the Feiner home.
I need police
to a 54 Wildwood Lane in Stone Ridge.
We have assets in danger.
two known assailants.
Send a patrol to a nearby house.
last name registered Feiner.
- Wait. wait. who are you talking to?
- I'm getting them help. You too.
Contact Farr and Hawkins.
We have a Night Action alert.
Sidewinder and Gazelle.
Oh my God. what's happening?
It's gonna be all right. okay?
- What's your name?
- Uh. Rose.
Okay. Rose. I'm Peter. I'm gonna help you.
He's coming.
What do I do?
What room are you in?
- Um. I'm in the kitchen.
- Is there a basement?
I... I don't know.
- I see some stairs though.
- Go up the stairs.
Okay.
Okay. now what?
Is there a bathroom?
Yes.
Okay. Does the door lock from the inside?
- Uh. yes.
- Listen carefully.
Lock the door. Close it.
but do not go inside the room. understand?
Okay.
Now what?
Okay. very quietly
go to the furthest bedroom.
Find a closet and get inside it.
- Hey. Rose. are you there?
- Hang on.
Rose. you still with me?
I'm in the closet now.
Okay. good. The police are on their way.
He's already here.
Rose?
Do you hear anything?
No.
Wait.
He's breaking down the bathroom door.
That's good.
It's good. all right? You see?
He's looking in the wrong place.
Just stay quiet.
Stay still.
He's coming.
The police are on their way. all right?
It's too late.
Where is he now?
Okay. Rose. if he's in the room with you.
but you can't talk to me.
press the zero on your phone.
Okay. listen to me.
All right. If he finds you.
I want you to fight him.
You understand me?
I want you to fight
with everything you have.
Fight like hell. Rose.
till we get there. okay?
Rose?
It's okay. You're safe now.
Who is that? Is that the police?
- Yes. they're here.
- Rose...
Yes?
I'm proud of you. okay? Good job.
It's okay. Come on out.
The place is empty.
Thank you.
- Agent Sutherland.
- It's Farr. I got the message.
A Night Action with two of our assets?
Yes. ma'am.
Codenames Sidewinder and Gazelle.
The woman on the line
said Emma and Henry Campbell
were in some sort of danger.
- There's a witness?
- Yeah. their niece. Rose.
Okay. she said there were two intruders.
Uh. she saw one of their faces.
The police have her now. She's safe.
We need to get her away from local PD.
find out what she saw.
Hawkins is on his way there right now.
Hawkins?
No. listen. we have to do this right.
I'll go to the White House. get someone
to cover the Night Action phone.
but I need you now.
I need you to get to this Rose woman
and take her somewhere.
Don't tell me where.
Don't tell anyone where.
until we can set up a debrief
in the morning for me and Hawkins.
She doesn't tell you anything.
You don't tell her anything. got it?
Yeah. got it.
Peter. if she called your number.
this is more important
than you can imagine.
I trust you completely.
Yes. ma'am.
- Miss Larkin?
- Yeah.
I'm Jamie Hawkins.
Deputy Director of the FBI.
Where's my aunt and uncle?
I'm very sorry. but they were
both deceased when we arrived.
No.
Everyone loved them.
Will someone just tell me
what's really going on?
- What's actually happening here?
- We're trying to put that all together.
I came straight from the White House
when I got the news.
You work in the White House?
Yes.
And maybe you and I can talk.
and we can figure out
what happened here tonight.
Deputy Director Hawkins.
What are you doing here?
Uh. Diane Farr sent me
to take Miss Larkin.
You're Peter?
- Rose.
- Take her where?
I thought we went over this.
Farr doesn't have the only say.
- What does she think she's doing?
- Sir. I don't know.
But she said she sent over
authorization from the president.
It should be in your inbox.
Hi.
Look. um. we're gonna. uh.
get you some new clothes. okay?
Yeah.
Guess you made your choice. didn't you?
I'm gonna take you away
from all this. all right?
Come on. Come with me.
Who do you work for?
The FBI.
Where are you taking me?
My apartment.
I just. uh.
I need to grab something real quick.
My aunt and uncle.
my whole life they told me
they worked in acquisitions.
Conferences in London.
conventions in Vegas.
But apparently.
that was all complete bullshit.
Who were they really?
I don't know.
I'd never heard of them before tonight.
But you're the one who answered that call.
You must know something.
Why were they killed?
Even if I knew. which I... I don't.
my boss doesn't want me
telling you anything.
or you telling me anything. so...
Perfect.
So. what happens now?
- You'll get debriefed. Give me your phone.
- Debriefed by who?
Diane Farr.
the president's chief of staff.
um. the guy you met at the house.
that's Jamie Hawkins.
Deputy Director of the FBI.
and maybe Ben Almora
from the Secret Service.
But your phone. please.
No.
I'm trying to figure out
if we're tracked.
I do not have time to debate this.
Please. your phone?
Thank you.
Furthest door on the right.
get some clothes out of the closet.
Pack for a few days.
We leave in two minutes.
Clothes fit?
Uh. I... I think so.
Good.
Here.
I thought you said you were FBI.
- I am.
- But you work in the White House?
In a windowless room
in the basement. yeah.
Uh. I wanna go to a police station.
someplace safe.
We don't know what's safe right now.
We don't know who's behind
what happened to your aunt and uncle.
and I don't have time
to get you to trust me.
But what I can tell you are my orders.
which are to protect you with my life.
and I will do that.
I don't know you.
You can know me later.
Right now.
we have to get through the night.
You see something?
No.
No. not yet.
Let's go.
Ready?
Yeah.
One-half step behind me.
Stay between the building and me. okay?
Hey. the building and me.
Hey. Hey. Rose. hold this.
Who the fuck are you guys.
and why are you after her?
I don't know who she is. seriously.
We came for you.
What?
What are you talking about?
You know what kind of asshole you're with?
He tried to blow up
a metro full of people.
A traitor.
just like his father was.
- It's nonsense. None of it's true.
- It's all on the Rome Tome.
What was your plan here tonight?
Kick your ass.
How's that going so far?
Give me your wallets.
Give me your fucking wallets. Come on.
We're not robbing them. Rose.
I need their licenses.
Oh. okay.
Give them
their wallets back after that.
Glen and Kurt.
Here's what's gonna happen.
I'm gonna hold on to these.
and you're gonna wait
for agents to come and question you.
Do that. you'll get them back.
If you don't. the FBI SWAT team
is gonna hunt your asses down.
and you're gonna face more charges.
understand?
Yes. sir.
Let's go.
- This is Farr.
- Hey. it's me. Peter.
I got to the White House.
You have the witness?
Yeah. she's fine.
We got another problem though.
A couple of Internet tough guys
came to my apartment looking for trouble.
Glen and Kurt Fensig. something like that.
I don't know. brothers. I guess.
Rome Tome guys.
Send some agents by the apartment.
they should be waiting
on the sidewalk under the overpass.
They need questioning.
Maybe a little first aid too.
Done. I'll put some men
on the building overnight
to make sure
there aren't any more problems.
Peter. take care of her.
I will.
I'll see you in the morning.
Why do they think you had
something to do with the metro bombing?
Because I... I was there.
But I was not part of the attack. okay?
I stopped it.
I'm not a traitor. all right?
Neither was my father.
Those articles in the binders...
Yeah. people accused him.
but they never actually had any proof.
Didn't even get a trial.
He died in a car accident
before he could clear his name.
My Aunt Emma. she. um...
she did more for me than anyone.
Why did I call you?
What do you mean?
The number my uncle gave me.
why were you the one who answered?
It's my job.
Answering the phone
in the White House basement
when people are in trouble?
Yeah. most nights I just...
I analyze reports.
You get a lot of calls like mine?
Just one. actually.
It was... it was a wrong number.
Everything feels wrong now.
What?
Get your head down. Get down. Stay low.
Call the top number in my favorites.
- Go ahead.
- Night Action.
- Code. please.
- Dog. Plate. Grass. Trunk.
This is Agent Sutherland.
I have the witness from tonight.
- Where are you?
- In my FBI vehicle. We're being followed.
Look at me.
You're good. It's just glass.
Take the wheel! Rose. take the wheel!
Peter!
That's the guy from my aunt's house.
Hold on. Rose!
See if you can get a plate.
- No. I can't see anything.
- Fuck!
What is this place?
It's an Airbnb.
It's under my friend's account.
Uh. no one will find us here. right?
That's the idea.
Okay.
Sorry.
Twenty-four hours ago.
I thought my life was over.
Now I'll do anything to go back to then.
I wish this wasn't happening.
Yeah. me too.
It fits.
Whose are these?
Zoe's.
She's my ex-fiancée.
And you just kept her clothes?
You bury her in the woods first?
No. she wanted to bury me a few times.
but she's in Texas now.
She left in a hurry.
I'm sorry.
Oh. don't be. She's a lot happier now.
You should. uh. get some sleep.
Um. there's only one bedroom.
You're the only one sleeping. right?
I work nights.
They're after me now. aren't they?
Maybe they think you saw something.
Okay? Or know something.
Look. I mean. on the call you said
you saw one of them. right?
Not very well.
Didn't you recognize him in the car?
Look. anything you saw.
or anything you know...
you should tell them tomorrow
in the debrief.
They wanna help you.
Tell me everything you know first.
I can't do that. Rose. I have orders.
Fuck your orders.
Someone killed my aunt and uncle.
and now they're trying to kill me.
I'm as low-level as it gets
in the White House.
Trust me. I... I don't know anything.
What is Night Action?
It's a counterintelligence program.
Okay? I answer the phone for night agents
in distress. and I route the call.
Night agents? So my...
my aunt and uncle were...
People who work in acquisitions.
they don't have that number
that they gave you.
They don't have the code words either.
So by agents. you mean spies?
For how long? What were they working on?
I don't know.
Really. I... I don't.
Get some sleep.
Okay? You're safe now.
- This is Farr.
- It's Peter. Somebody's in my apartment.
What? How do you...?
I... I set up a live feed.
but I... I think they tracked my phone.
or Rose's. but they're in there right now.
- Do you still have those guys outside?
- I'm calling now.
I think these are the same guys
who were shooting at me and Rose.
I warned them.
Place is empty. No one's here.
- Did you hear that. Peter?
- Yeah.
Yeah. thanks.
Man.
Here?
Yeah. she wanted. uh. somewhere quiet.
You gonna be okay?
Yeah.
Um. I haven't thanked you for...
You don't have to.
There she is. Let's go.
Thank God you're both alive.
This is Rose.
Rose. I'm Diane Farr.
the president's chief of staff.
We're gonna take very good care of you.
We're here to help.
Let's go then.
Uh. can Peter come with me?
If it'll make you more comfortable.
Unless you need some sleep?
I'm fine. ma'am.
Right in here.
Um. may I use the restroom first?
Of course.
Down the hall on your right.
Take your time.
Those two brothers
wait for the agents to show up?
They did.
I don't think they'll bother you again.
Anything on the guy
who broke into my apartment?
- Did you ID the ring or anything?
- We're looking into it.
He doesn't belong here.
This is miles above your pay grade.
The girl wants him here.
Fine. wait in the other room.
Fine.
Uh. if you need anything.
I'll just be right out here. okay?
You're not coming in with me?
It's miles above my pay grade.
Tell them the truth
about what you saw. Rose.
Okay? You can trust them.
No. I can't.
I overheard my aunt say
there's someone in the White House
who couldn't be trusted.
I think they knew
there was some kind of mole or something.
- Who?
- I don't know.
I'm hoping it's not you.
and I don't think it's you.
I have to trust someone. right?
I'm not telling the people in there
the truth. not if it can get me killed.
We wanna make this
as comfortable for you as possible.
Have a seat. Miss Larkin.
We have a lot to go over.
This is the Mid-West Farm Report
with Pam Jahnke.
Good morning.
and thanks for joining me on a Thursday.
I'm Stephanie Hoff
for the Mid-West Farm Report.
It's the third and last day
of the WPS Farm Show
at the EAA Grounds in Oshkosh.
The gates are open
from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. today.
Our meteorologist. Stu Muck.
will be on shortly
to share what you can expect
in terms of weather at the show.
Hello?
Oh. hi.
I'm sorry. We didn't mean to disturb you.
- Can I help you?
- No.
I just wanted
to show my husband your house.
I grew up here.
Really?
I don't get back to Racine much.
and this is Dale's first time.
and I just wanted to show both of them.
Aww.
Who's the little one?
This is Elizabeth.
She's our first.
- Can I say hi to her?
- Of course.
Hi there.
Yes.
Look at that smile.
She's beautiful.
Well. we're biased. but. yes. we think so.
I miss this age.
Both my boys are in high school now.
Well. we didn't mean to bother you.
I was just feeling nostalgic.
Wanna take a look inside?
Show 'em your old room?
Are you sure we're not intruding?
Not at all. Come on in.
Okay.
It's just unreal to be back here
after all that time.
It just seemed so much bigger
when I was a kid. and now...
...no.
How long did you live here for?
Um. until I was 13.
Then we moved to Cleveland. Dad's new job.
What brings you back to Racine?
My grandmother.
Oh. Is she all right?
Not really.
I wanted her to meet
her great-granddaughter before she...
Oh. I think she's...
she needs to be changed.
Bathroom's back that way.
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
So many memories. you know?
Um...
I spent my 11th birthday party
hiding out on that deck.
Had the biggest crush
on this kid. Billy Edgars.
and the one thing I wanted
was for him to come wearing
one of these V-neck shirts he always wore.
When he didn't come. I was devastated.
And my brother made so much fun of me.
and told everybody
that I was in love with Billy.
First time I ever had my heart broken.
I don't understand.
Well. my brother could be very cruel.
No. the deck.
Frank and I had that built five years ago.
Oh.
This will go faster then.
♪ I'm back where I belong ♪
♪ Back in baby's arms ♪
♪ Don't know why we quarrel ♪
♪ We never did before ♪
♪ Since we found out how it hurt ♪
♪ I bet we never quarrel anymore ♪
Found it!
♪ I'm back in baby's arms ♪
♪ How I miss those loving arms ♪
♪ I'm back where I belong ♪
♪ Back in baby's arms ♪
♪ Thought I didn't need his love ♪
♪ Till he took it away ♪
♪ Now I'm back where I belong ♪
♪ And in my baby's arms I'm gonna stay ♪
♪ I'm back in baby's arms... ♪
Breaking news.
police are currently searching
for a ten-month-old baby
abducted in the last hour from her mother
in the parking lot of the Regency Mall.
Rachel Treadwell
is on the scene with the latest.
Rachel?
♪ Back in baby's arms ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org